12
C4 Eb4 G4 C5 
A3 F4 F4 C5 
Bb3 D4 F4 Bb4 
Bb3 Bb3 F4 Db5 
Eb3 Eb4 G4 Bb4 
Ab2 C4 Ab4 Eb5 
G#2 G#3 D#4 B4 
Db3 F3 Db4 Ab4 
C#3 F#3 F#4 A#4 
F#2 A3 F#4 C#5 
F#2 B3 D#4 B4 
B2 E3 E4 G#4 
Cm
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: true
enforceRootPosition: true
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
FM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
BbM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
Bbm
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
EbM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
AbM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
G#m
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
C#M
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
F#M
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
F#m
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
BM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
EM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
