6
C3 E3 G3 C4 
F#2 C#3 A#3 F#4 
A2 D3 D4 F#4 
Ab2 Eb3 C4 Ab4 
E2 E3 B3 G#4 
F2 D3 Bb3 Bb4 
CM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: true
enforceRootPosition: true
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
F#M
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: true
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
DM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: true
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
AbM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: true
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
EM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: true
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
BbM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: true
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
