6
C3 E3 C4 G4 
A#2 F#3 C#4 F#4 
D3 F#3 D4 A4 
Ab2 Eb3 C4 Ab4 
B2 E3 E4 G#4 
F2 Bb3 D4 Bb4 
CM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: true
enforceRootPosition: true
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
F#M
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
DM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
AbM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
EM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
BbM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
