5
C3 E3 G3 C4 
A2 F#3 D4 D4 
F#2 F#3 A#3 C#4 
G2 G3 B3 D4 
E2 C3 G3 C4 
CM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: false
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: false
enforceParallelFifths: false
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: true
enforceRootPosition: true
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
DM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
F#M
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
GM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
CM
enforceVoiceCrossProhibition: true
enforceMelodicIntervals: true
enforceCommonTones: false
enforceVocalRange: true
enforceParallelOctaves: true
enforceParallelFifths: true
enforceNoteDuplicate: true
enforceRootDuplicate: true
enforceThirdDuplicate: false
enforceFifthDuplicate: false
enforceChordPosition: false
enforceRootPosition: false
enforceFirstInversion: false
enforceSecondInversion: false
